I use [Minilla](https://metacpan.org/pod/Minilla) to manage this perl module.

# Where am I storing this?

Not officially on CPAN, because this is just a toy project for myself (at least for now). I'm using [pinto](https://metacpan.org/pod/pinto) so I can have my own CPAN-like repository. So, make sure that is installed. To initialize this, do something like this:

    pinto --root ~/repo init

# How do I create a distribution

Make sure all changes are committed, including

* updating the version in lib/Mojolicious/Plugin/Blog.pm
* updating the Changes file

Then run `minil dist`, which will create a tar file

And to add it to pinto, (huh, I forget what the deal is with URI::_generic)

    pinto --root ~/repo add ~/Mojolicious-Plugin-Blog-0.30.tar.gz -k URI::_generic

And make sure to deploy it to the web server somehow

# What are all the files?

* All of the perl modules are under `lib/`,
* scripts are under `script/`,
* and `share/` contains other non-perl files

These are all auto-generated by Minilla, from running `minil dist`
* Build.PL
* Makefile.PL
* META.json
* README.md (this just turns the Mojolicious::Plugin::Blog POD into markdown)

These are the other files I manage:
* Changes - a changelog
* cpanfile - contains all the other perl module dependencies
* LICENSE - I honestly can't remember if I created this file or if it was auto-created for me. maybe I should add a real license one day?
* MANIFEST - all the files that are included in the perl distribution. See this [explanation of MANIFEST](https://perlmaven.com/manifest-and-manifest-skip)
* notes.md - this file! it just contains notes for myself because I'll forget everything eventually

# How to test changes to the mojo-blog script:

Go into the top-level directory of the other project that you normally run this in. Then just run `carton exec -- $PATH_TO_MOJOBLOG_REPO/script/mojo-blog`
